fix: Return page width and height from document (#700)
smalot/pdfparser: doc/Usage.md

$mediaBox = [];
foreach ($pages as $page) {
    $details = $page->getDetails();

>     // The page could haven't the Mediabox, then we get this information from document

Reviewer: The comment doesn't reflect the code in my opinion. Here is an alternative:

```suggestion
    // If Mediabox is not set in details of current $page instance, get details from the header instead
```

Author: Thanks! English is not my main language.
